welcome welcome to my temple we got to
go on a journey through my house
let me introduce Stefan my mentor my
chiropodist he changed my life forever
let's go and look inside I'll take you
on a small journey come into my space
this is my space my my final frontier
this is the world we deserve this is the
world we build so this is the rebirthing
place this is my fast-breaking facility
where I come to refresh or when I wake
up I come and take a glass of maybe a
Sebastian milk eggs fresh
never mind that don't worry don't worry
we clear it up
but none why should we move on colony
this is Sebastian's Hall the infants to
his sweet
Sebastian's a reincarnation of a
Egyptian god
according to step and who discovered him
my birth Tim the same birth year as mine
he only understands French unfortunately
say some uppity this is the big Terrace
jutting out into the earth like my
beauty
come come my beauty come this inspires
me to paint I need to paint now
beautiful cosmic detail work
hi girls here's the crew come on this is
my pod this is where I'm going out this
is where karma becomes a robot
the
ah look at the view this is my sound lab
there are some times when meditation
isn't enough doing some fitness training
to my new videos which will be coming
out sometime in the spring
okay this is the business room it's here
the album covers are here let's check it
out let's see what's happening well
please please please please
this is shit shit this is no good that
this is great this is the one this is
superb
this is the one no you like it
that was your journey I'm glad you came
I hope you enjoyed it
I came also now just leave